interpreters (#935)
observablehq/framework: docs/config.md

## search

Whether to enable [search](./search) on the project; defaults to false.

## interpreters

> The interpreters option specifies additional languages for data loaders, indicating the extension and associated interpreter (see [routing](./loaders#routing) for details). The list of supported interpreters defaults to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **interpreters** option specifies additional interpreted languages for data loaders, indicating the file extension and associated interpreter (see [loader routing](./loaders#routing) for more). The default list of interpreters is:
```

```js run=false
{
  ".js": ["node", "--no-warnings=ExperimentalWarning"],
  ".ts": ["tsx"],
  ".sh": ["sh"],

>   ".exe": [""],

Reviewer: Shouldn’t this be the empty array?

```suggestion
  ".exe": [],
```

Author: good catch! that's what is in the code, in fact.

## search

Whether to enable [search](./search) on the project; defaults to false.

> code 

Author: ```suggestion

```
